and we haven't had a bye all day
around here is slow to figure
something out here my big
concern with the getting late
everything becomes more
dangerous and dark as a movie in
LA right there a little girls
along
anything go wrong I have a light
candelabra nowhere to go forward
turn left turn right making the
indoor shopping button hole and
carson then have any experience
but as a fisherman losses too
fast he's got incredible
hand-eye coordination is always
going to be a good athlete
it's a lot of pressure in my dad
in Kane County
above
to fish it two days magellan is
a team is no stop in the
doghouse now boys
building up here we got 221 on
the scale Voice 221 anything
over fifteen dollars a pound is
gonna be a good paid a pretty
fish $20